_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

feat: update personal website with new CV, projects, and publications (al-folio template)

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Geology Master's Student at <a href='https://www.ipgp.fr/'>IPGP</a>, <a href='https://u-paris.fr/'>Université Paris-Cité</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: photo_cotentin_marteau.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a geologist passionate about volcanology, tectonics, planetology, and the application of machine learning in geosciences.

I am currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Geology at the Institut de Physique du Globe de Paris (IPGP), where I explore how computational methods and data-driven models can be used to study magmatic, tectonic, and planetary processes.

Beyond geology, I am deeply interested in computer science and programming. I regularly develop scientific tools in Python, JavaScript, and C#, focusing on automation, modeling, and visualization in Earth and planetary sciences.

My goal is to bridge the gap between Earth processes and data science, contributing to a more quantitative and interdisciplinary understanding of our planet and others.
